README.md, before:

# LRS
Tools for manipulating Lunar Radar Sounder (LRS) data from the JAXA's Kaguya 
spacecraft. Data available at [JAXA's Data ARchives and Transmission System (DARTS) ](https://darts.isas.jaxa.jp/planet/pdap/selene/index.html.en).

## Working Directory

The hierarchy of the working directory is assumed to be 

```bash
./code/
    lrs/ # This repository
./data/
    orig/ # Original LRS products provided by JAXA
        sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/
        sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar10-power-v1.0/
        [...]
./[...]
```

## Data Download

To download data from a given processing mode (e.g. `sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-
power-v1.0`), but without `*.img` and `*.jpg` files to download the data
hierarchy without the largest files (`man lftp` for additional options):

```bash
cd data/orig
lftp -c "open https://data.darts.isas.jaxa.jp/pub/pds3; mirror -c -P 10 --only-missing -X '*.img' -X '*.jpg' sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/"
```

To download data related to a specific orbit:
(e.g. `LRS_SAR05KM_20071221093226`)

```bash
cd data/orig
lftp -c "open https://data.darts.isas.jaxa.jp/pub/pds3; mirror -c -P 10 --only-missing -I 'LRS_SAR05KM_20071221093226*' sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/"
```

## Basic Data Info from Label Files

Create an instance that will hold basic information about the LRS dataset.
By default, any python command is assumed to be launched from within
the `./code` directory. If note, please change the keyword `root_path`.

```bash
# Initiate instance
LRS = lrs.Classdef.Env(root_path='../')
```

Basic requests from data within the label files:

```bash
# Get available file names
LRS.files['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> ['../data/orig/sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0/20071219/data/LRS_SAR40KM_20071219231328.lbl']

# Get start and stop latitude
LRS.lat_lim['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> [-35.961, 75.148]

# Get start and stop spacecraft clock time
LRS.clock_lim['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> [882141206, 882143419]
```

## Geographic Query

To search for tracks crossing a box bounded by longitude and latitudes (below example over Schrodinger crater):

```bash
tracks = LRS.tracks_intersecting_latlon_box([-80, -70], [110, 155], sampling=100e3)
```

Commit message:

Ability to Load orig data

README.md, after:

# LRS
Tools for manipulating Lunar Radar Sounder (LRS) data from the JAXA's Kaguya 
spacecraft. Data available at [JAXA's Data ARchives and Transmission System (DARTS) ](https://darts.isas.jaxa.jp/planet/pdap/selene/index.html.en).

## Working Directory

The hierarchy of the working directory is assumed to be 

```bash
./code/
    lrs/ # This repository
./data/
    orig/ # Original LRS products provided by JAXA
        sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/
        sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar10-power-v1.0/
        [...]
./[...]
```

## Data Download

To download data from a given processing mode (e.g. `sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-
power-v1.0`), but without `*.img` and `*.jpg` files to download the data
hierarchy without the largest files (`man lftp` for additional options):

```bash
cd data/orig
lftp -c "open https://data.darts.isas.jaxa.jp/pub/pds3; mirror -c -P 10 --only-missing -X '*.img' -X '*.jpg' sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/"
```

To download data related to a specific orbit:
(e.g. `LRS_SAR05KM_20071221093226`)

```bash
cd data/orig
lftp -c "open https://data.darts.isas.jaxa.jp/pub/pds3; mirror -c -P 10 --only-missing -I 'LRS_SAR05KM_20071221093226*' sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0/"
```

## Basic Data Info from Label Files

Create an instance that will hold basic information about the LRS dataset.
By default, any python command is assumed to be launched from within
the `./code` directory. If note, please change the keyword `root_path`.

```bash
# Initiate instance
LRS = lrs.Classdef.Env(root_path='../')
```

Basic requests from data within the label files:

```bash
# Get available file names
LRS.files['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> ['../data/orig/sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0/20071219/data/LRS_SAR40KM_20071219231328.lbl']

# Get start and stop latitude
LRS.lat_lim['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> [-35.961, 75.148]

# Get start and stop spacecraft clock time
LRS.clock_lim['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar40-power-v1.0']['20071219231328']
>> [882141206, 882143419]
```

## Original Data

To load data from an original track in a friendly format:

```bash
# Load original data
data = LRS.orig_data['sln-l-lrs-5-sndr-ss-sar05-power-v1.0']['20071221033918']

# The function above also accepts any matching substrings for the product, e.g.
data = LRS.orig_data['sar05']['20071221033918']

# Display keys contained in the data
data.keys()
>> dict_keys(['OBSERVATION_TIME', 'DELAY', 'START_STEP', 'SUB_SPACECRAFT_LATITUDE', 'SUB_SPACECRAFT_LONGITUDE', 'SPACECRAFT_ALTITUDE', 'DISTANCE_TO_RANGE0', 'TI', 'IMG'])
```

## Surface Echo

TODO

## Geographic Query

To search for tracks crossing a box bounded by longitude and latitudes (below example over Schrodinger crater):

```bash
tracks = LRS.tracks_intersecting_latlon_box([-80, -70], [110, 155], sampling=100e3)
```
